Gets the number of rows (#884)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/database/db.md

This method is convenient when you need only one value to retrieve from the database.
It prevent to loop in several arrays in order to get the first value of the first row.

### Gets the number of rows in a result
```php
$db->numRows();
```
This method caches and returns the number of rows from the last result set. 

> Be carefull, if your request has a limit, numRows doesn't return the total rows, you have to make a SELECT COUNT(*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful, if your request has a limit, the method `numRows()` doesn't return the total rows. If you need, you have to make a `SELECT COUNT(*)`.
```

> Be careful, if your request has a limit, the method `numRows()` doesn't return the total rows. If you need, you have to make a `SELECT COUNT(*)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Be careful, if your request has a limit, the method `numRows()` is limited too. If you need to retrieve the number of rows without limits, you need to use `SELECT COUNT(*)`.
```

### Gets the number of affected rows
```php
$db->Affected_Rows();
```

> returns the number of rows impacted by the latest INSERT, UPDATE, REPLACE or DELETE query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the number of rows impacted by the latest `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `REPLACE` or `DELETE` query.
```
